[CDRIVER-4651] Documentation on vcpkg installation + more (#1424)
mongodb/mongo-c-driver: src/libmongoc/doc/learn/get/installing.rst

  For the most up-to-date versions of the C driver libraries, prefer to instead
  :doc:`build from source <from-source>`.

.. seealso::

  For a listing and common reference on available packages, refer to
  :doc:`/ref/packages`.

.. index::
  package managers; Conan
  package managers; vcpkg
  pair: installation; package managers
  :name: installing.pkgman

Cross Platform Installs Using Library Package Managers
******************************************************

Various library package managers offer |libbson| and |libmongoc| as installable
packages, including Conan_ and vcpkg_. This section will detail how to install
using those tools.

.. _conan: https://conan.io/
.. _vcpkg: https://vcpkg.io/

.. index::
  ! pair: installation; vcpkg

Installing using vcpkg
======================

.. note::
  This page will not detail how to get started using vcpkg_. For that, refer to

>   `"Get started with vcpkg" (external)`__

Reviewer: Is this `(external)` necessary? Suggest removing if not (there are already plenty of links to external sites without this qualifier).

Author: I consider it (generally) good practice to annotate links to external domains, but it would be annoying to have to add/update/maintain those on every links, so adding ` (external)` everyone isn't going to work.

So I look into it, and I discover that Sphinx marks every external-linking-`<a>` with an `external` class. Did a quick test, and it seems simple enough to stylize and attach a psuedo-element to all external links at once. :)

I like this solution, but feel free to veto.

Reviewer: SGTM, as long as it is consistent across the docs. 👍

  __ https://vcpkg.io/en/getting-started

.. tab-set::

  .. tab-item:: vcpkg Manifest Mode (Recommended)

    In `vcpkg manifest mode`__, add the desired libraries to your project's
    ``vcpkg.json`` manifest file:

    __ https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/vcpkg/users/manifests

    .. code-block:: js
      :caption: ``vcpkg.json``
      :linenos:

      {
        // ...
        "dependencies": [
          // ...
          "mongo-c-driver"
        ]
      }

    When you build a CMake project with vcpkg integration and have a
    ``vcpkg.json`` manifest file, vcpkg will automatically install the project's
    dependencies before proceeding with the configuration phase, so no
    additional manual work is required.

>   .. tab-item:: vcpkg Classic Mode

Reviewer: Do we need to bother documenting and testing Classic Mode if it is not recommended either by our documentation or the vcpkg documentation?

Author: Until its outright deprecated, I think it is worthwhile to keep this. It isn't much to maintain here (only four paragraphs), especially as the feature is probably on the way out and won't be seeing significant modifications

- `Debian <debian_>`_ and Debian-based distributions, including
  `Ubuntu <debian_>`_ and Ubuntu derivatives, via APT.

.. seealso::

>   For a complete list of package names, see: :doc:`/ref/packages`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For a list of available packages, see: :doc:`/ref/packages`.
```
Avoid implying it is a complete list, consistent with the "Important" admonition on the page stating "the information found here may be incomplete or out-of-date".
